				TASK 1

So here i am going to give a summary of transformation of a small fishing village,
 somewhere in europe into a tourist resort. So  according to the map available of
 fishing village in 1974, it had the population of 12,000 and the livelihood for
 the people of village are mosltly dependent on fishing in sea, some are engaged 
in goats and sheep and some in harbour business. So the village was typical 20's 
village. There was no any road connection to the other villages. 
                                    But with the time due to the location of village
 beside the sea, it attracts many business people and they started resorts there and 
eventually the tourists increased . And with the time the population of the fishing
 village also increased eventually and it goes upto 80000 and with 50000 beds for 
tourists. So it affects the life of the locals in various manner, like their 
livelihood shifts from fishing to jobs in resorts and some of them also started some 
local business.
                                              The geographical look of that place
 totally changed with time, the golf course for tourists take the place of woodland ,
 olives farm changed into fruit and veg farms for hotels, many hotels had been made
 and some locals also made their houses. 
Its beach became so popular in the tourists and it becames the centre of attraction
 of tourists in summer.
                  The roads were made to connect with other villages and with the 
city. Transportation facilities increased with the time . But the original village 
also exist today balancing with the big hotels and resorts. There professions has 
been changed but they don't leave their place. Some of them opened their own shops 
and they are earning a good livelihood. 
                Some of the negative impacts are also have been seen with the time 
like woodland has been destroyed, olives farms disappeared and there is no any goats
 and sheeps because people changed their profession. The area becomes too congested
 because of too many hotels in the area.
                                       But with the passage of time the face of the
 location changed but the beauty remains constant.

					TAST 2
	